GIT 

what is git branch stratery 
how many types of git branches 
what is hot fix branch 
if you push the change to wrong branch how do we fix 
hwo do you push repo to a specifi branch instread of root branch 
what is different between git pull and git fetch get head git 

AWS : 
aws services : how do tyou use internet gateway to provice access to vpc 
you rebooted hte ec2 instance and new ip is assigned, how can we retain same ip. 
how can we recover deleted ec2 instance 
in s3 versioning is enabled , after deleting the file its still avaivle , what is the reason of it 
ec2 instance runing application it reqiore s3 bucket access hwo do you configure in different reion/ cross region access to the bucket
waht is IAM riles and users
Created new IAM policy its not applyng to the user how do you trouble shoot it 
what are the main components of VPC 
can you explain 3 tier architecture ? 
we have multiple instance running in diffeerent zone, hwo do you consider load balancer to distribute the traffic ? 
hwo may types of load balancer 
what are the uses of differnt load balancer 


Kubernetes : 

Main componenets of Kubernets, explain each.  
what is etcd, explain
what are the namae spaces in Kubernetes
what is differnt in replica and deployment 
how to do you scale deploymetn in kubernets 
in kubernets how do you store sensitive data 
how to ytour rediness probab ad liveness prop to impore application ability 
if kubernets deployment fail, how do we truble shoot the issue 
Do you know about ingress controller 
hwo do you restric the resoure cpu or memory in port ? 
explain about deployment strategies 
in DR situtation how do you confirue your deployment 
what is blue green deplymetn and canary or rolling update 
How many types of container in kubernets 
what is the use of INIT continer 
Can we set alina in kubernetes ? 
what are the different types of services in kubernetes 
if we want to connet rds with kuybenets which services we can use 
when we use NODE pod services 
any load balancer services


Jenkins : 

HOW CI and CD work, how it configured 
what are the stages of jenkins 
if we have java whch tool or plugin we can use in jenkins 
how can we see jenkins logs 
What is blue ocean plugin 
waht is master slave archtecute in jenkins 
suppose you hve master and 3 slave nodes how do we configure jenkins job to run on specific node 
what is shared lib in jenkins
how do we manage credentials in jenkisn 
if i want to configure sonar qube in jenkins how do we do it ? 
how do we speed up the build 
early Job we completing in 1o mins now its taking 30 mins, what could be possible reasons 
how do we configure blue green deployment 
how do we clean up old builds
how many parallel jobs can run in Jenkins 


AWS

IN aws application load balancer 3 nodes is configured, request is reaching 2 nodes but not to 3 nod, what could be posible reasons for it 
i want to encrypt the ebs volume, on runnign instance, which is part of Load balancer, how can we encryt the ebs on running instance
2 aws account, replicate instance from a to b 

you kube pod is crashing continuiosly with crash loop back erro , how can you solve it 
what is crash loop back in kube pods 

what is stateful file , kubernets you have specifi database deployment stateul file running on some code of database, by defualt it allow from al ports across the cluster, if you want to allow this port for a specific servies then how can you achive this ? 
you have 3 nodes running under cluser, one node is not ready state, how can we repalce it. 
what is taint and tollarence ? 
what is node affinity and node selector 
what is horizontal scaling and other scaling type in kube


3 vpc , vpc-a is peer with vpc-b is peer with vpc-c you have one private instance in private subnet of vpc-a you have a database in vpc-c, you have to connect instacne with database, can we connect with private IP or how can we connect. 
Let say we have vpc  , and we assigned CIDR in it, after some time we discovered we need more IPs, can we add more cidr in vpc
we have ec2 machine, which is runing appication, its connect to rds, when you calling the applcisation its give some ex epts and found you found too many connections in it, how can we solve it. 

What are some Auto scaling policy in AWS .
What type of matrics we get in cloudwatch. 
Instacne High load how can we debut the issue
how to check child process of parent process of IP 
idetify PID with process name
you have a script in systemctl, ater soem time this script started taking more memory and kernbel run OOM killer and killed your application, how can your auto recover in such case. 


in AWS how can you recover not ready sate instance 
what is tainted OS 
can we bound specific port with specific node.

what are the steps of creating GIT Pull request. 
how can we resolve conflit in git, and what kind of conflits we can receive
what is the flow of pipeline and what are the stages of pipeline


